---
title: test news1
type: news
share: true
date: 2023-06-06T17:48:18+03:00
author: xfr
image: /images/news/1_panm5smtlnhwr39rlnn96g.png
categories: news
---
## **Renato Ascoli** , **IGT CEO Global Gaming, talks about the present status of business and choices to guarantee its serious edge, including redesigning the organization into two worldwide specialty units.**

### **What was IGTs direction going into 2020 dependent on the aftereffects of 2019?**

IGT began 2020 with remarkable business energy. We had solid execution all through 2019 and a strong Q1 2020 before the overall conclusion of club and gaming corridors that initiated in March. In gaming, the quality of our center video portfolio, video poker deals, strength market openings and the development of our PlaySports impression in the US were among the numerous components that powered IGTs 2019 execution. 

> Additionally, IGTs Lottery execution was driven by strong same-store deals development, winning new lottery contracts, critical agreement augmentations, and the worldwide extension of computerized lottery.

### **How before long did you perceive the reality of the pandemic?**

IGT perceived the gravity of the COVID-19 pandemic at an opportune time. Given IGTs worldwide impression, we had representatives, clients and tasks, especially in Italy, encountering the strongly negative effect of the pandemic well before the reality of the circumstance was completely perceived and acknowledged by many. 

1. i﻿tem
2. i﻿tem

   1. i﻿tem
   2. i﻿tem
   3. i﻿tem

As an organization, IGT made snappy and definitive move and made six emergency the executives workstreams to address the accompanying: worker security, business congruity, client commitment, cost-investment funds activities, situation arranging and liquidity/money conservation. These proactive activities keep on securing the wellbeing and prosperity of our inside and outside partners and are principal to IGTs strong accounting reports and positive free income.

* i﻿tem
* i﻿tem

As an organization, IGT made snappy and definitive move and made six emergency the executives workstreams to address the accompanying: worker security, business congruity, client commitment, cost-investment funds activities, situation arranging and liquidity/money conservation. These proactive activities keep on securing the wellbeing and prosperity of our inside and outside partners and are principal to IGTs strong accounting reports and positive free income.

```
<table>
    <thead>
    <tr>
    <th>Online Sportsbook</th>
    <th>Brilliant Nugget Sports</th>
</tr>
</thead>
    <tbody>
    <tr>
    <td>Brilliant Nugget Bonus Code</td>
    <td>Snap here</td>
</tr>
    <tr>
    <td>Reward Offer</td>
    <td>$100 chance free wager</td>
</tr>
    <tr>
    <td>$100 chance free wager</td>
    <td>Brilliant Nugget</td>
</tr>
    <tr>
    <td>Brilliant Nugget</td>
    <td>Brilliant Nugget</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>
```